README.md, before:

# Battle Brothers Mods

A collection of mods to make Battle Brothers more fun and comfy. Written by me or fixed by me. You can also take a look at [my Nexus Mods page][nexus-mods], which have releases of many of these.

| Name | Description |
---|---
[Autopilot New](autopilot) *(Beta)* | Makes bros use more skills smarter and fixes some crashes. Compatible with Swifter. My version of [Adam's Autopilot][autopilot-old]. 
[Better Beast Loot](mod_beast_loot) | Better loot from beasts, makes them worth fighting.
[Bro Renamer](renamer) | Autochange each bro title to his profession + roman number.
[Cheap Meat](mod_cheap_meat) | Cheaper bros and tryots.
[Cook and Blacksmith Fix](heal_repair_fix) | Fixes Cook and Blacksmith speeding up healing and repairing.
**[Elite Few - Master Bros](elite_few)** | A rewrite of the old [The Elite Few - Master Bros][elite-few-old], aimed at better compatibility with other mods and newer DLCs. Plus some fixes.
[Events and Ambitions Delayed Fix](events_delayed_fix) | Removes unpredicatably long delays before events and ambitions are fired.
[Fun Facts](fun_facts) *(Alpha)* | Collects and shows some fun facts about your bros.
**[Hackflow's Perks](hackflows_perks)** | Adds several perks either collected or newly crafted. 
[Starting Perks by Background](mod_background_perks) | Gives brothers a chance to have certain perks unlocked from start depending on their background. A rewrite of the [old mod][background-perks-old] by CleverFool.
**[Standout Enemies](mod_standout_enemies)** | Randomly adds some quirks to the most common enemies making fighting them less repetitive and more fun.
[Veteran Attrs and Perks](mod_vap) | Veterans will sometimes get better than just 1 for attributes they have talents in. Also gives extra perks for them at certain levels.
[More Blood](more_blood) | Makes it more Tarantino style. A compatible variant of older [More Blood][more-blood-old] mod.

<!-- [Brogen](brogen) | An alternative to Ultra Bros -->


## Installation

The easiest way is to go to [NexusMods][nexus-mods] and download a zip release from there. Some of these mods are not there yet, also here you can find the lastest versions (which might be broken, but not usually). Anyway to get the latest version you'll need:

1. Get this repo locally - either `git clone` or just [download ZIP][zip] and unpack.
2. Go to a subdir of a desired mod.
3. Zip all the dirs there - either manually or execute `make zip`.
4. Put it to `data` folder as usual, make sure removing older zip of the same mod.

**TODO:** say about deps


## Feedback

Any suggestions, bug reports, other feedback are welcome. The best place for it is this Github, i.e. just create an issue. Or you can post or create a bug on [NexusMods][nexus-mods] on a specific mod page.


[nexus-mods]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/users/97435548?tab=user+files
[autopilot-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/62
[elite-few-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/253
[background-perks-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/70
[more-blood-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/28
[zip]: https://github.com/Suor/battle-brothers-mods/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

Commit message:

Add Using This section to README

README.md, after:

# Battle Brothers Mods

A collection of mods to make Battle Brothers more fun and comfy. Written by me or fixed by me. You can also take a look at [my Nexus Mods page][nexus-mods], which have releases of many of these.

| Name | Description |
---|---
[Autopilot New](autopilot) *(Beta)* | Makes bros use more skills smarter and fixes some crashes. Compatible with Swifter. My version of [Adam's Autopilot][autopilot-old]. 
[Better Beast Loot](mod_beast_loot) | Better loot from beasts, makes them worth fighting.
[Bro Renamer](renamer) | Autochange each bro title to his profession + roman number.
[Cheap Meat](mod_cheap_meat) | Cheaper bros and tryots.
[Cook and Blacksmith Fix](heal_repair_fix) | Fixes Cook and Blacksmith speeding up healing and repairing.
**[Elite Few - Master Bros](elite_few)** | A rewrite of the old [The Elite Few - Master Bros][elite-few-old], aimed at better compatibility with other mods and newer DLCs. Plus some fixes.
[Events and Ambitions Delayed Fix](events_delayed_fix) | Removes unpredicatably long delays before events and ambitions are fired.
[Fun Facts](fun_facts) *(Alpha)* | Collects and shows some fun facts about your bros.
**[Hackflow's Perks](hackflows_perks)** | Adds several perks either collected or newly crafted. 
[Starting Perks by Background](mod_background_perks) | Gives brothers a chance to have certain perks unlocked from start depending on their background. A rewrite of the [old mod][background-perks-old] by CleverFool.
**[Standout Enemies](mod_standout_enemies)** | Randomly adds some quirks to the most common enemies making fighting them less repetitive and more fun.
[Veteran Attrs and Perks](mod_vap) | Veterans will sometimes get better than just 1 for attributes they have talents in. Also gives extra perks for them at certain levels.
[More Blood](more_blood) | Makes it more Tarantino style. A compatible variant of older [More Blood][more-blood-old] mod.

<!-- [Brogen](brogen) | An alternative to Ultra Bros -->
<!-- [Useful Things](useful) | Some things made more useful: nets, hand to hand, ... -->


## Installation

The easiest way is to go to [NexusMods][nexus-mods] and download a zip release from there. Some of these mods are not there yet, also here you can find the lastest versions (which might be broken, but not usually). Anyway to get the latest version you'll need:

1. Get this repo locally - either `git clone` or just [download ZIP][zip] and unpack.
2. Go to a subdir of a desired mod.
3. Zip all the dirs there - either manually or execute `make zip`.
4. Put it to `data` folder as usual, make sure removing older zip of the same mod.

**TODO:** say about deps


## Feedback

Any suggestions, bug reports, other feedback are welcome. The best place for it is this Github, i.e. just create an issue. Or you can post or create a bug on [NexusMods][nexus-mods] on a specific mod page.


## Using This Code

My code here is [BSD licensed](LICENSE), which basically means you may use it for any purposes, including bundling it or its parts as part of your stuff, either public or private. Don't need to explicitly ask for permission. However, if you do distribute such your work then you should say you are using this in your docs/README/description/whatever.


[nexus-mods]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/users/97435548?tab=user+files
[autopilot-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/62
[elite-few-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/253
[background-perks-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/70
[more-blood-old]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/28
[zip]: https://github.com/Suor/battle-brothers-mods/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
