autopilot/README.md, before:

# Autopilot New

*This is authored by AdamMil01 and significatly modified by me. Original is available [here](original)*

This mod adds some automation and quality-of-life improvements to battles: fast item switching, auto-passing, auto-shieldwalling (and other skills), ignoring bros, and AI control. See fuller description on Nexus Mods page above.

My modifications to auto bros behavior include:

- use rally the troops, adrenalin, line breaker, lunge, deathblow skills
- pick up a weapon
- use nets
- equip a net or a shield from bag
- mind spent fatigue more when thinking of using shield wall, split shield, adrenaline, rotation, knock back and disengage
- specific improvements to 2-tile bros:
    - more active overall, move and attack more, wait less
    - do not hide behind throwing bros
- specific improvements to throwing bros:
    - lock into melee less
    - do not be afraid of throwing over the shoulder of an ally
    - do not move next to an ally to protect him, i.e. like a melee bro

Other additions:

- a way to debug ai for bros, not only for enemies

Fixes:

- way rarer battle crashes after ranged unit killing enemy 
- second row guys more aggressive
- immediately act after switching to auto, no skipping turn anymore


## Install

Download, zip the dirs and put it into `data` dir.


[original]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/62

Commit message:

ap: update README
Add a link to Nexus Mods

autopilot/README.md, after:

# Autopilot New

*This is authored by AdamMil01 and significatly modified by me. Original is available [here][original]*

This mod adds some automation and quality-of-life improvements to battles: fast item switching, auto-passing, auto-shieldwalling (and other skills), ignoring bros, and AI control. See fuller description on Nexus Mods page above.

My modifications to auto bros behavior include:

- use rally the troops, adrenalin, line breaker, lunge, deathblow skills
- pick up a weapon
- use nets
- equip a net or a shield from bag
- mind spent fatigue more when thinking of using shield wall, split shield, adrenaline, rotation, knock back and disengage
- specific improvements to 2-tile bros:
    - more active overall, move and attack more, wait less
    - do not hide behind throwing bros
- specific improvements to throwing bros:
    - lock into melee less
    - do not be afraid of throwing over the shoulder of an ally
    - do not move next to an ally to protect him, i.e. like a melee bro

Other additions:

- a way to debug ai for bros, not only for enemies

Fixes:

- way rarer battle crashes after ranged unit killing enemy 
- immediately act after switching to auto, no skipping turn anymore
- compatibility with Swifter


## Compatibility

Is always safe to add or remove. Compatible with Swifter.


## Install

Download a zip from [NexusMods][] and put it into `data` dir. Requires [modhooks][] of version 20 or newer.


[NexusMods]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/675
[modhooks]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/42
[original]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/62
