hackflows_perks/README.md, before:

# Hackflows's Perks

My curated collection of perks inspired by [More Perks][], [True Balance][] and [Stabilized][] mods. The perks were selected, fixed, rebalanced, etc. This contains only 6 new perks in the spirit of less is more approach. The ones that were not taken I consider either duplicating existing perks or traits, hard to balance or just boring.

So here we have:

**Flesh on the Bones:** If the bones are there the flesh will grow. Restores hitpoints at *double rate* and doesn't feel any new injuries until combat ends. Both will only work as long as no bones are broken. Permanent injuries are fine.

**Bloody Harvest:** Gain *+10%* chance to hit for all area of effect attacks.

**Balance:** Getting hit or missed costs *half* of the usual fatigue.

**Full Force:** Put your full weight into every blow and gain *+1%* minimal melee damage for each *3* fatigue caused by things worn and held. Items in the bag do not contribute.

**Stabilized:** Specialize in medium armor! Hitpoint and armor damage is reduced by *25%* when the total penalty to Maximum Fatigue from head and body armor is between *25* and *37*. Outside this range the bonus drops rapidly. 

**Battle Flow:** The first kill each turn does not accumulate fatigue.

**Promised Potential:** *(Reforged only)* A more granular and balanced Promised Potential perk for Reforged. Upgrades at levels 5, 8 and 11 progressively.


## Compatibility

Safe to add and remove midgame. However, if you remove it when having bros with any of these perks, they will simply disappear, perk points won't be refunded.

Compatible with Reforged (Flesh on the Bones, Balance and Full Force are added to appropriate perk trees), most probably no-op with Legends.


## Install

Download a zip from [NexusMods][] and put it into `data` dir. Requires [modhooks][] and [stdlib][].


[NexusMods]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/673
[modhooks]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/42
[stdlib]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/676

[More Perks]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/44
[True Balance]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/333
[Stabilized]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/525

Commit message:

hp: move to Modern Hooks

hackflows_perks/README.md, after:

# Hackflows's Perks

My curated collection of perks inspired by [More Perks][], [True Balance][] and [Stabilized][] mods. The perks were selected, fixed, rebalanced, etc. This contains only 6 new perks in the spirit of less is more approach. The ones that were not taken I consider either duplicating existing perks or traits, hard to balance or just boring.

So here we have:

**Flesh on the Bones:** If the bones are there the flesh will grow. Restores hitpoints at *double rate* and doesn't feel any new injuries until combat ends. Both will only work as long as no bones are broken. Permanent injuries are fine.

**Bloody Harvest:** Gain *+10%* chance to hit for all area of effect attacks.

**Balance:** Getting hit or missed costs *half* of the usual fatigue.

**Full Force:** Put your full weight into every blow and gain *+1%* minimal melee damage for each *3* fatigue caused by things worn and held. Items in the bag do not contribute.

**Stabilized:** Specialize in medium armor! Hitpoint and armor damage is reduced by *25%* when the total penalty to Maximum Fatigue from head and body armor is between *25* and *37*. Outside this range the bonus drops rapidly. 

**Battle Flow:** The first kill each turn does not accumulate fatigue.

**Promised Potential:** *(Reforged only)* A more granular and balanced Promised Potential perk for Reforged. Upgrades at levels 5, 8 and 11 progressively.


## Compatibility

Safe to add and remove midgame. However, if you remove it when having bros with any of these perks, they will simply disappear, perk points won't be refunded.

Compatible with Reforged (Flesh on the Bones, Balance and Full Force are added to appropriate perk trees), most probably no-op with Legends.


## Install

Download a zip from [NexusMods][] and put it into `data` dir. Requires [Modern Hooks][ModernHooks] and [stdlib][].


[NexusMods]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/673
[modhooks]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/42
[ModernHooks]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/685
[stdlib]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/676
[msu]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/479

[More Perks]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/44
[True Balance]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/333
[Stabilized]: https://www.nexusmods.com/battlebrothers/mods/525
